## How To Contribute

Thank you for your interest! We love all community contributions. They are
great ways to suggest new features, call attention to bugs, or see your work
come to life! There are a couple different ways to contribute:

### Talking in the Forum

The best place to go for all things Spatial Toolbox is our [forum at
forum.spatialtoolbox.vuforia.com](https://forum.spatialtoolbox.vuforia.com/).
There you can ask open-ended questions and discuss feature ideas without
commiting to filing a GitHub issue.

### Bugs and Features

If you do want to make an official tracked report or request, check out the
Issues list linked to in this repository's GitHub page. It's possible that
someone has already had the same idea or same problem.

If it's a new bug then please provide as much information as possible. First,
provide a description of the problem, e.g. "the tools on screen disappear after
pressing the pocket button." This includes the platforms and versions involved,
e.g. Spatial Toolbox 1.3.0 on an iPhone 10 talking to a Spatial Edge Server
running on Node 12 on Ubuntu 18.04. Next, any steps to reproduce the bug would
be wonderful. For example, "this happened most often when I created three
tools, restarted the server, then pressed the pocket button in my app."

If it's a new feature just let us know why it's the best and greatest feature
in the world. Maybe you'll convince a wandering contributor to submit a pull
request!

### Pull Requests

Submitting pull requests is a great way to contribute! For more information
about pull requests, check out [GitHub's
documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-requests).

It helps out your pull request if you make sure that your code is easy to read
and understand. One test we use for this is running eslint, a style checker for
JavaScript. You can either run [eslint
locally](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface) or check
out its results on the pull request itself.
